README.md, before:

**Flow Manager**

# How do the tasks depend on one another? 
There are three tasks in this project with an outcome of either success or failure. The flow manager uses a dictonary created from the JSON conditions. Task2 depends on Task1 returning "success" outcome. Task3 depends on Task2 returning "success" outcome.

# How is the success or failure of a task evaluated? 
The manager captures the return value of each tasks. It then compares this value to the outcome string defined in the JSON configuration. If it is a match, the manager moves to target_task_success ("task3 or task3). Else if Mismatch, he manager moves to target_task_failure ( "end").

# What happens if a task fails or succeeds?
To satisfy the requirement that Task 3 (Store Data) only runs if all previous tasks succeed, the JSON configuration defines the failure path for Task 1 and Task 2 as "end". This ensures the loop terminates immediately upon any failure.

## Installation and Setup
Recommended IDE Visual Studio Code.
1. Download the project from Github
2. Open the Project folder in VSCode
3. Open the terminal in VSCode. Give the command to activate virtual environment
    venv\Scripts\activate
4. Install the libraries from requirements files using
    pip install -r requirements.txt
5. For testing
    pytest tests/test.py 
6. Run the project
    uvicorn app.main:app --reload
7. API will be available in http://127.0.0.1:8000
    For API documentation http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs
    Give the sample json file in Postman or API Documentation at http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs
    In the response we can see the task results.

Commit message:

first commit
Updated instructions for creating and activating a Python virtual environment.

README.md, after:

**Flow Manager**

# How do the tasks depend on one another? 
There are three tasks in this project with an outcome of either success or failure. The flow manager uses a dictonary created from the JSON conditions. Task2 depends on Task1 returning "success" outcome. Task3 depends on Task2 returning "success" outcome.

# How is the success or failure of a task evaluated? 
The manager captures the return value of each tasks. It then compares this value to the outcome string defined in the JSON configuration. If it is a match, the manager moves to target_task_success ("task3 or task3). Else if Mismatch, he manager moves to target_task_failure ( "end").

# What happens if a task fails or succeeds?
To satisfy the requirement that Task 3 (Store Data) only runs if all previous tasks succeed, the JSON configuration defines the failure path for Task 1 and Task 2 as "end". This ensures the loop terminates immediately upon any failure.

## Installation and Setup
Recommended IDE Visual Studio Code.
1. Download the project from Github
2. Open the Project folder in VSCode
3. Open the terminal in VSCode and create a virtual environment for python.
    python -m venv venv
4. Give the command to activate virtual environment
    venv\Scripts\activate
5. Install the libraries from requirements files using
    pip install -r requirements.txt
6. For testing
    pytest tests/test.py 
7. Run the project
    uvicorn app.main:app --reload
8. API will be available in http://127.0.0.1:8000
    For API documentation http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs
    Give the sample json file in Postman or API Documentation at http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs
    In the response we can see the task results.
